Adds explanation in example for the use of clients global (#30329)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/client/postmessage/index.md

## Examples

> The code below sends a message from a service worker to a client. The client is fetched using the [get() method](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Clients/get) on [clients](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerGlobalScope/clients) which is a global in service worker scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code below sends a message from a service worker to a client. The client is fetched using the {{domxref("Clients.get()", "get()")}} method on {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.clients", "clients")}}, which is a global in service worker scope.
```

      // Eg, if it's cross-origin.
      if (!event.clientId) return;

>       // Get the client using clients, a global in worker scope
>       const client = await clients.get(event.clientId);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      // Get the client
      const client = await self.clients.get(event.clientId);
```

see https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10573#issuecomment-1816017198

* and i think it is not necessary to update comment, since we have mention `clients` property above yet
